a head Rises like a periscope big liquid
eyes lock on to mind watching me with a
comm intransitive attention IC pups less
than a day old swimming on the first
high tide of their birth two males spar
with one another in a blubbery battle
for rule of the foreshore I can
understand why seals have long figured
in the folklore of our coastal fringes
as possessing an uncanny double nature
in between creatures half human and half
marine the common seals that live here
are incredible colours russets coppers
burnished browns
these colors are the result of the mud
on which they haul out its Lunden clay
naturally rich in iron oxide rust
basically
[Applause]
wild creatures stained the color of iron
and industry
you